today we're talking about the medicine
cabinet it's so small just like
everything else in this tiny little
apartment with this okay I did figure
out a way to maximize the space in this
tiny little cabinet as you can see the
width is narrow on each shelf and the
height it's just really not that big so
I figured out a way to maximize the
space I wanted to utilize all this space
so I could put more stuff in here
without it falling over and so I'll come
right back to show you what ideas I came
up with okay so this is the medicine
cabinet all organized and they look
pretty I didn't put some of these labels
on here that I made so that I can list
the certain things in each container and
they're so small
see how easy you can just take it out in
get what you need and pop it right back
in there
I just love how it helps me organize
this small space have a lot of bottles
up here in this little container so I
would have never been able to do this
before if I didn't have these containers
so I'm able to pack a lot of stuff in
this tiny little medicine cabinet oh I
want to give a shout out to do it on a
dime because she gave me some ideas
about putting containers in the magnet
in the medicine cabinet
and take a look at her video I'll have
her name in the description box so let
me give you a quick look over here at
this other cabinet that I put in here
when I came to the studio apartment and
their storage in the bottom on both
cabinets and I keep a lot of things at
the top again I was just trying to
maximize space in this little small
bathroom so between the toilet and the
shower I bought these two cabinets to
put right there to add more things just
want to organize and keep everything
nice and neat so this video was about
the medicine
me in how I organized it for cheap thank
you